---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_kubernetes_cluster Data Source - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data source for STACKIT Kubernetes Engine (SKE) clusters
  
  -> Environment supportTo set a custom API base URL, set STACKITKUBERNETESBASEURL environment variable
---

# stackit_kubernetes_cluster (Data Source)

Data source for STACKIT Kubernetes Engine (SKE) clusters

<br />

-> __Environment support__<br /><small>To set a custom API base URL, set <code>STACKIT_KUBERNETES_BASEURL</code> environment variable </small>

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "stackit_project" "example" {
  name        = "example"
  billing_ref = var.project_billing_ref
  owner       = var.project_owner
}

data "stackit_kubernetes_project" "example" {
  project_id = stackit_project.example.id
}

data "stackit_kubernetes_cluster" "example" {
  name                  = "example"
  kubernetes_project_id = data.stackit_kubernetes_project.example.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `kubernetes_project_id` (String) The ID of a `stackit_kubernetes_project` resource
- `name` (String) Specifies the cluster name (lower case, alphanumeric, hypens allowed, up to 11 chars)

### Optional

- `allow_privileged_containers` (Boolean) Should containers be allowed to run in privileged mode?
- `node_pools` (Attributes List) One or more `node_pool` block as defined below (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--node_pools))
- `project_id` (String, Deprecated) this attribure is deprecated. please remove it from your terraform config and use `kubernetes_project_id` instead

### Read-Only

- `extensions` (Attributes) A single extensions block as defined below (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--extensions))
- `hibernations` (Attributes List) One or more hibernation block as defined below (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--hibernations))
- `id` (String) Specifies the resource ID
- `kube_config` (String, Sensitive) Kube config file used for connecting to the cluster
- `kubernetes_version` (String) Kubernetes version.
- `kubernetes_version_used` (String) Full Kubernetes version used. For example, if `1.22` was selected, this value may result to `1.22.15`
- `maintenance` (Attributes) A single maintenance block as defined below (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintenance))
- `status` (String) The cluster's aggregated status

<a id="nestedatt--node_pools"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node_pools`

Required:

- `machine_type` (String) The machine type.
- `name` (String) Specifies the name of the node pool

Read-Only:

- `container_runtime` (String) Specifies the container runtime.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to add to each node
- `max_surge` (Number) The maximum number of nodes upgraded simultaneously.
- `max_unavailable` (Number) The maximum number of nodes unavailable during upgraded.
- `maximum` (Number) Maximum nodes in the pool.
- `minimum` (Number) Minimum nodes in the pool.
- `os_name` (String) The name of the OS image.
- `os_version` (String) The OS image version.
- `taints` (Attributes List) Specifies a taint list as defined below (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--node_pools--taints))
- `volume_size_gb` (Number) The volume size in GB.
- `volume_type` (String) Specifies the volume type.
- `zones` (List of String) Specify a list of availability zones.

<a id="nestedatt--node_pools--taints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node_pools.taints`

Read-Only:

- `effect` (String) The taint effect. Only `PreferNoSchedule` is supported at the moment
- `key` (String) Taint key to be applied to a node
- `value` (String) Taint value corresponding to the taint key



<a id="nestedatt--extensions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `extensions`

Read-Only:

- `acl` (Attributes) Cluster access control configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--extensions--acl))
- `argus` (Attributes) A single argus block as defined below (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--extensions--argus))

<a id="nestedatt--extensions--acl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `extensions.acl`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_cidrs` (List of String) Specify a list of CIDRs to whitelist
- `enabled` (Boolean) Is ACL enabled? Defaults to `false`


<a id="nestedatt--extensions--argus"></a>
### Nested Schema for `extensions.argus`

Read-Only:

- `argus_instance_id` (String) Instance ID of argus
- `enabled` (Boolean) Flag to enable/disable argus extensions.



<a id="nestedatt--hibernations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hibernations`

Read-Only:

- `end` (String) End time of hibernation, in crontab syntax, i.e. `0 8 * * *` for waking up the cluster at 8am
- `start` (String) Start time of cluster hibernation, in crontab syntax, i.e. `0 18 * * *` for starting everyday at 6pm
- `timezone` (String) Timezone name corresponding to a file in the IANA Time Zone database. i.e. `Europe/Berlin`


<a id="nestedatt--maintenance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance`

Read-Only:

- `enable_kubernetes_version_updates` (Boolean) Flag to enable/disable auto-updates of the Kubernetes version
- `enable_machine_image_version_updates` (Boolean) Flag to enable/disable auto-updates of the OS image version
- `end` (String) RFC3339 Date time for maintenance window end. i.e. `2019-08-24T23:30:00Z`
- `start` (String) RFC3339 Date time for maintenance window start. i.e. `2019-08-24T23:00:00Z`


