---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_kubernetes_cluster Resource - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages kubernetes clusters
  
  -> Environment support
  Productionhttps://ske.api.eu01.stackit.cloud/
  QAhttps://ske.api.eu01.stg.stackit.cloud/
  Devhttps://ske.api.eu01.dev.stackit.cloud/
  
  By default, production is used.To set a custom URL, set an environment variable STACKITKUBERNETESBASEURL
---

# stackit_kubernetes_cluster (Resource)

Manages kubernetes clusters

<br />

-> __Environment support__<br /><table style='border-collapse: separate; border-spacing: 5px; margin-top:-20px; margin-left: 24px; font-size: smaller;'>
<tr><td style='width: 100px; background: #fbfcff; border: none;'>Production</td><td style='background: #fbfcff; border: none;'>https://ske.api.eu01.stackit.cloud/</td></tr>
<tr><td style='background: #fbfcff; border: none;'>QA</td><td style='background: #fbfcff; border: none;'>https://ske.api.eu01.stg.stackit.cloud/</td></tr>
<tr><td style='background: #fbfcff; border: none;'>Dev</td><td style='background: #fbfcff; border: none;'>https://ske.api.eu01.dev.stackit.cloud/</td></tr>
</table><br />
<small style='margin-left: 24px; margin-top: -5px; display: inline-block;'><a href="https://registry.terraform.io/providers/SchwarzIT/stackit/latest/docs#environment">By default</a>, production is used.<br />To set a custom URL, set an environment variable <code>STACKIT_KUBERNETES_BASEURL</code></small>

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "stackit_kubernetes_project" "example" {
  project_id = "example"
}

resource "stackit_kubernetes_cluster" "example" {
  name                  = "example"
  kubernetes_project_id = stackit_kubernetes_project.example.id

  node_pools = [{
    name         = "example"
    machine_type = "c1.2"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `kubernetes_project_id` (String) The ID of a `stackit_kubernetes_project` resource
- `name` (String) Specifies the cluster name (lower case, alphanumeric, hypens allowed, up to 11 chars)

### Optional

- `allow_privileged_containers` (Boolean) Should containers be allowed to run in privileged mode? Default is `true`
- `extensions` (Attributes) A single extensions block as defined below (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--extensions))
- `hibernations` (Attributes List) One or more hibernation block as defined below (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--hibernations))
- `kubernetes_version` (String) Kubernetes version. Allowed Options are: `1.22`, `1.23`, `1.24`, or a full version including patch (not recommended).
- `maintenance` (Attributes) A single maintenance block as defined below (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintenance))
- `node_pools` (Attributes List) One or more `node_pool` block as defined below (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--node_pools))
- `project_id` (String, Deprecated) this attribure is deprecated. please remove it from your terraform config and use `kubernetes_project_id` instead

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Specifies the resource ID
- `kube_config` (String, Sensitive) Kube config file used for connecting to the cluster
- `kubernetes_version_used` (String) Full Kubernetes version used. For example, if `1.22` was selected, this value may result to `1.22.15`
- `status` (String) The cluster's aggregated status

<a id="nestedatt--extensions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `extensions`

Optional:

- `acl` (Attributes) Cluster access control configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--extensions--acl))
- `argus` (Attributes) A single argus block as defined below (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--extensions--argus))

<a id="nestedatt--extensions--acl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `extensions.acl`

Optional:

- `allowed_cidrs` (List of String) Specify a list of CIDRs to whitelist
- `enabled` (Boolean) Is ACL enabled? Defaults to `false`


<a id="nestedatt--extensions--argus"></a>
### Nested Schema for `extensions.argus`

Optional:

- `argus_instance_id` (String) Instance ID of argus, Required when enabled is set to `true`
- `enabled` (Boolean) Flag to enable/disable argus extensions. Defaults to `false`



<a id="nestedatt--hibernations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hibernations`

Required:

- `end` (String) End time of hibernation, in crontab syntax, i.e. `0 8 * * *` for waking up the cluster at 8am
- `start` (String) Start time of cluster hibernation, in crontab syntax, i.e. `0 18 * * *` for starting everyday at 6pm

Optional:

- `timezone` (String) Timezone name corresponding to a file in the IANA Time Zone database. i.e. `Europe/Berlin`


<a id="nestedatt--maintenance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance`

Required:

- `enable_kubernetes_version_updates` (Boolean) Flag to enable/disable auto-updates of the Kubernetes version
- `enable_machine_image_version_updates` (Boolean) Flag to enable/disable auto-updates of the OS image version
- `end` (String) RFC3339 Date time for maintenance window end. i.e. `2019-08-24T23:30:00Z`
- `start` (String) RFC3339 Date time for maintenance window start. i.e. `2019-08-24T23:00:00Z`


<a id="nestedatt--node_pools"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node_pools`

Required:

- `machine_type` (String) The machine type. Accepted options are: `c1.2`, `c1.3`, `c1.4`, `c1.5`, `g1.2`, `g1.3`, `g1.4`, `g1.5`, `m1.2`, `m1.3`, `m1.4`
- `name` (String) Specifies the name of the node pool

Optional:

- `container_runtime` (String) Specifies the container runtime. Defaults to `containerd`. Allowed options are `docker`, `containerd`
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to add to each node
- `max_surge` (Number) The maximum number of nodes upgraded simultaneously. Defaults to 1. (Value must be between 1-10)
- `max_unavailable` (Number) The maximum number of nodes unavailable during upgraded. Defaults to 1
- `maximum` (Number) Maximum nodes in the pool. Defaults to 2. (Value must be between 1-100)
- `minimum` (Number) Minimum nodes in the pool. Defaults to 1. (Value must be between 1-100)
- `os_name` (String) The name of the OS image. Only `flatcar` is supported
- `os_version` (String) The OS image version.
- `taints` (Attributes List) Specifies a taint list as defined below (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--node_pools--taints))
- `volume_size_gb` (Number) The volume size in GB. Default is set to `20`
- `volume_type` (String) Specifies the volume type. Defaults to `storage_premium_perf1`. Available options are `storage_premium_perf0`, `storage_premium_perf1`, `storage_premium_perf2`, `storage_premium_perf4`, `storage_premium_perf6`
- `zones` (List of String) Specify a list of availability zones. Accepted options are `eu01-m` for metro, or `eu01-1`, `eu01-2`, `eu01-3`

<a id="nestedatt--node_pools--taints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node_pools.taints`

Required:

- `effect` (String) The taint effect. Only `PreferNoSchedule` is supported at the moment
- `key` (String) Taint key to be applied to a node

Optional:

- `value` (String) Taint value corresponding to the taint key


