---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_load_balancer Resource - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages Secrets Manager instances
  
  -> Environment supportTo set a custom API base URL, set STACKITSECRETSMANAGER_BASEURL environment variable
---

# stackit_load_balancer (Resource)

Manages Secrets Manager instances

<br />

-> __Environment support__<small>To set a custom API base URL, set <code>STACKIT_SECRETS_MANAGER_BASEURL</code> environment variable </small>



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `listeners` (Attributes Set) The load balancers listeners. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--listeners))
- `name` (String) Specifies the instance name. Changing this value requires the resource to be recreated.
- `networks` (Attributes Set) The load balancers networks. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--networks))
- `project_id` (String) The project UUID. Changing this value requires the resource to be recreated.
- `target_pools` (Attributes Set) The load balancers target pools. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target_pools))

### Optional

- `acl` (Set of String) The load balancers ACLs.
- `external_address` (String) The external address of the instance.
- `private_address` (String) The private address of the load balancer.
- `private_network_only` (Boolean) Whether the load balancer is only accessible via private networks.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Specifies the resource ID

<a id="nestedatt--listeners"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listeners`

Required:

- `display_name` (String) The port the load balancer listens on.
- `port` (Number) The port the load balancer listens on [ 1 .. 65535 ].
- `protocol` (String) The protocol the load balancer listens on. Options: `PROTOCOL_TCP`, `PROTOCOL_UDP`, `PROTOCOL_TCP_PROXY`

Optional:

- `target_pool` (String) The target pool name.


<a id="nestedatt--networks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `networks`

Required:

- `network_id` (String) The network UUID.

Optional:

- `role` (String) The network role. only `ROLE_LISTENERS_AND_TARGETS` is supported.


<a id="nestedatt--target_pools"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target_pools`

Required:

- `name` (String) The target pool name.
- `target_port` (Number) The target port.
- `targets` (Attributes Set) The target pool targets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target_pools--targets))

Optional:

- `health_check` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target_pools--health_check))

<a id="nestedatt--target_pools--targets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target_pools.targets`

Required:

- `display_name` (String) The target display name.
- `ip_address` (String) The target IP address.


<a id="nestedatt--target_pools--health_check"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target_pools.health_check`

Required:

- `healthy_threshold` (Number) The healthy threshold.
- `interval` (String) The interval.
- `interval_jitter` (String) The interval jitter.
- `timeout` (String) The timeout.
- `unhealthy_threshold` (Number) The unhealthy threshold.


