---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_postgres_flex_instance Resource - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages Postgres Flex instances
  
  
  
  Environment support
  
  Production
  QA
  Dev
  
  
  By default, production is used.To set a custom URL, set an environment variable
---

# stackit_postgres_flex_instance (Resource)

Manages Postgres Flex instances
<div class="warning" style='color: #69337A; border: solid #E9D8FD 1px; border-radius: 4px; padding-left:0.7em;margin-top:5px;'>
<span>
<p style='margin-top:1em;'>
<b>Environment support</b>
<table style='border-collapse: separate; margin:0;'>
<tr><td style='width: 100px'>Production</td><td><td></tr>
<tr><td>QA</td><td><td></tr>
<tr><td>Dev</td><td><td></tr>
</table>
<br />
<small><a href="https://registry.terraform.io/providers/SchwarzIT/stackit/latest/docs#environment">By default</a>, production is used.<br />To set a custom URL, set an environment variable </small>
</p>
</span>
</div>

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "stackit_postgres_flex_instance" "example" {
  name         = "example"
  project_id   = "example"
  machine_type = "c1.2"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `machine_type` (String) The Machine Type. Available options: `c1.2` `m1.2`, `c1.3`, `m1.3`, `c1.4`, `c1.5`, `m1.5`
- `name` (String) Specifies the instance name. Changing this value requires the resource to be recreated.
- `project_id` (String) The project ID the instance runs in. Changing this value requires the resource to be recreated.

### Optional

- `acl` (List of String) Access Control rules to whitelist IP addresses
- `backup_schedule` (String) Specifies the backup schedule (cron style)
- `labels` (Map of String) Instance Labels
- `options` (Map of String) Specifies postgres instance options
- `replicas` (Number) Number of replicas (Default is `1`). Changing this value requires the resource to be recreated.
- `storage` (Attributes) A signle `storage` block as defined below. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage))
- `version` (String) Postgres version. Options: `13`, `14`. Changing this value requires the resource to be recreated.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Specifies the resource ID
- `user` (Attributes) The databse admin user (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user))

<a id="nestedatt--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage`

Optional:

- `class` (String) Specifies the storage class. Available option: `premium-perf6-stackit`
- `size` (Number) The storage size in GB


<a id="nestedatt--user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user`

Read-Only:

- `database` (String) Specifies the database the user can access
- `hostname` (String) Specifies the allowed user hostname
- `id` (String) Specifies the user id
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Specifies the user's password
- `port` (Number) Specifies the port
- `roles` (List of String) Specifies the roles assigned to the user
- `uri` (String, Sensitive) Specifies connection URI
- `username` (String) Specifies the user's username


